## What Is HSC?
Hoo Smart Chain (HSC) is an open-source blockchain platform. HSC offers each node the same rights, allowing users to freely build decentralized applications, including Defi products, DAPP, digital assets, etc. In addition, through the HSC cross-chain module, HSC enables the value exchange efficiently yet user friendly. As a result, HSC will build a value-driven ecosystem. 

## Mission
HSC aims to promote large-scale commercial applications based on blockchain technology, which heavily depends on HSC. HSC will continue to explore the blockchain industry in-depth to bring a more sophisticated and closed ecosystem. 


## HSC Design Logic 
After HSC’s first launch, any user can establish DApp project on the HSC Chain. HSC will gradually open more windows for innovative services. 

•	Technically speaking, HSC is not a lay-2 solution. It is a side chain of Ethereum. Most of the technical and business functions of HSC are innovated and developed by the HSC team.

•	Compatible with current mainstream public chains, including Ethereum, BSC, HECO, etc. The above public chains have relatively mature applications and communities. Therefore many DApps share the compatibility with HSC. HSC nodes will carry out hardware specifications.

•	Through the PoSA consensus and governance of staking, project governance through staking can be more flexible and friendly, and this type of governance can make the network more efficient than POW.


## HSC Improvement

According to the current situation of the blockchain industry, HSC has improvement plans follow by:

•	Compress the block has less than 3 seconds. (Surpass the mainstream smart chain including ETH and BSC); 

•	HSC's gas convert to block reward, and the fee paid by HOO, which will further increase the value of HOO Group; 

•	Absorb the advantages of the current mainstream public chain to become more competitive; 

•	Introduce staking mechanism and HSC governance mechanism.


## HSC (Hoo Smart Chain) Characteristic
•	Consensus Mechanism: PoSA

•	TPS: 500+

•	Block Hash: 3 sec



## Consensus Mechanism

There are many consensus mechanisms. The mainstream mechanisms people often heard were, Proof-of-Work (PoW), Proof-of-Authority (PoA), Proof-of-Stake (PoS). PoW uses computing power to mine and maintains the network. PoA uses a validator mechanism, but some people consider this to be in the process of POA. The POA might show better performance in other fields. However, it lacks decentralization. PoSA, is the mechanism HSC is currently operating. It combines the characteristics of PoA and PoS. 
    
•	Limited validators, blocks are generated by the only numbers of the validators. 

•	Validators take turn to generate blocks, PoA like

•	The validators can participate in HSC governance through staking



## HSC Tokenomics
### Hoo Token

HOO is the Underlying Assets of HSC, and the role of HOO on the HSC chain is equivalent to the position of ETH on Ethereum. However, in HOO circulating on HSC, it will not consume huge fees like the Ethereum chain. The functions of HOO on HSC include but are not limited to HOO in HSC’s 

### Usage: 

•	HSC gas fee

•	Becoming the Ecosystem validator through staking Hoo to earn profit

•	Handling cross-chain tasks/transactions



## HSC Token Standard

HSC token is a standard token issued on the HSC chain. HSC is fully compatible with Ethereum(ERC20 Network), BSC, and HECO. The HSC chain also supports ERC20 Token, BSC Token, and Heco Token. Users can exchange between chains with Hoo Exchange or HSC cross-chain bridge.



## HSC Cross Chain
The use of cross-chain technology principles is crucial to the blockchain industry. Through HSC cross-chain technology, user assets can circulate limitlessly. 

### The advantages include:
•	Users can build digital assets and decentralized financial products based on HSC. 

•	Projects and assets on the HSC chain can circulate freely and stably and are more efficient, convenient, and cost-effective than the current major public chains in the industry.

•	The HSC is fully capable of taking the role of ensuring the safety of digital assets transition. HSC will reflect the digital asset to the user through the bridging function and offer equivalent HSC tokens as feedback. 

<!-- ## HSC Explorer
    HSC Explorer区块浏览器使您可以搜索，查看和分析Hoo Smart Chain数据、交易记录，验证器以及在HSC上进行的其他关键信息。
    区块链浏览器地址：
 -->
